Create ui-c8y-1021-50-0-command-tab-for-services.md (#3066)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-50-0-command-tab-for-services.md

---
date: ""

> title: Command tab for services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New **Commands** tab for services in Device Management
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4312
version: 1021.50.0
---

> Command tab for services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new **Commands** tab has been implemented on the service details page in Device Management for supporting services. This tab allows users to select one of the supported command actions and execute it as an operation for the service. The tab also shows users a history of previous command operations.
```

> A new **Commands** tab has been implemented in the service details page of device services. The **Commands** tab allows users to send available service commands and track their execution history. For details, see [Service commands](/device-management-application/managing-device-services/#service-commands).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new **Commands** tab has been implemented in the service details of device services. The **Commands** tab allows users to send available service commands and track their execution history. For details, see [Service commands](/device-management-application/managing-device-services/#service-commands).
```

---
date: ""

> title: New **Commands** tab for services in Device Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: New **Commands** tab in the service details of device services
```

ticket: DM-4312
version: 1021.50.0
---

> A new **Commands** tab has been implemented on the service details page in Device Management for supporting services. This tab allows users to select one of the supported command actions and execute it as an operation for the service. The tab also shows users a history of previous command operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new **Commands** tab has been implemented in the service details page of device services. The **Commands** tab allows users to send available service commands and track their execution history. For details, see [Service commands](/device-management-application/managing-device-services/#service-commands).
```
